Update all documentation for 2.7.0 (#7533)
keepassxreboot/keepassxc: docs/topics/ImportExport.adoc

3. Navigate to the location of the your CSV file on your computer and open the file. The new database wizard will appear. Follow the steps of creating a new database in Chapter 1.

> 4. After saving your new database file, the CSV import wizard will appear. On this dialog you can choose the various options to properly import the data. You may need to select the _First line has field names_ checkbox before starting. Analyze the output in the preview at the bottom to determine if the import was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After saving your new database file, the CSV import wizard will appear. On this dialog you can choose various options for properly importing the data. You may need to select the _First line has field names_ checkbox before starting. Analyze the output in the preview at the bottom to determine the correct formatting settings.
```
